README.md, before:

# Giovani Bassi's Dotfiles

These are the dotfiles. I'm using
[Dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot)
to automate it.

## Installation

*Note:* Some files and directories from the home directory will be removed. Check the
[install.conf.yaml](https://github.com/lambda3/dotfiles/blob/master/install.conf.yaml)
file, on the `shell` section to see which ones and make sure you are ok with it,
there will be no prompt.

* Clone this repo to ~/.dotfiles

If you are the repo owner make sure the SSH keys are correct, as some submodules
use SSH, and clone with SSH:

````bash
git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:lambda3/dotfiles.git $HOME/.dotfiles
````

If you are not the repo owner then you need to use https:

````bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/lambda3/dotfiles $HOME/.dotfiles
````

* Run the install script `~/.dotfiles/install`.

## Cleanning up before installing

Remove all directories that will be replaced by the submodules.

## Forking

You will need to take into consideration that this project uses submodules by
the same author, so you will need to fork those repositories first.
To learn which repositories are being used open at the [.gitmodules]() files and
look for relative submodules (that start with `..`).

## Author

[Giovanni Bassi](https://twitter.com/giovannibassi)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

Commit message:

Better readme, also point to contributors

README.md, after:

# Lambda3's Dotfiles

These are base dotfiles we use at Lambda3. We're using
[Dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot)
to automate it.

## Command line options

You can supply several options, run `.dotfiles/install --help` to see them.

## Installation

### Fork it

Fork it to your own user in Github, and make the changes you want. You will also
need to fork these repositories:

* https://github.com/Lambda3/bashscripts
* https://github.com/Lambda3/vimfiles

Then clone your repo with submodules (with ssh or HTTPS):

````bash
git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:lambda3/dotfiles.git $HOME/.dotfiles
````

Make your customizations, save, commit, push.

Then run the install script `~/.dotfiles/install`.

### Use it directly (not recommended)

*Note:* Some files and directories from the home directory will be removed. Check the
[install.conf.yaml](https://github.com/lambda3/dotfiles/blob/master/install.conf.yaml)
file, on the `shell` section to see which ones and make sure you are ok with it,
there will be no prompt.

* Clone this repo to ~/.dotfiles

If you are the repo owner make sure the SSH keys are correct, as some submodules
use SSH, and clone with SSH:

````bash
git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:lambda3/dotfiles.git $HOME/.dotfiles
````

If you are not the repo owner then you need to use https:

````bash
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/lambda3/dotfiles $HOME/.dotfiles
````

* Run the install script `~/.dotfiles/install`.

## Cleanning up before installing

Remove all directories that will be replaced by the submodules.

## Contributors

See them [here](https://github.com/Lambda3/dotfiles/graphs/contributors).

## License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
